

### First Project Question

Mauro is a Python developer who has been working for Cubicle Inc. for 8 months in a StaffAugmentation project. He lives in Campinhas, nearby Sao Paulo. His performance in the projecthas been with ups and downs, and his communication has been erratic, sometimes he proved tobe hard to find. You never managed to create a strong link with Mauro over the 8 months he hasbeen in the project, that is also the period he has been working for BairesDev.On Tuesday you received an email from Stefan (Product Owner at Cubicle Inc.) indicating that he was not able to contact Mauro for the last two days, and he was particularly worried as they hada critical deployment on Friday, and that they heavily relied on Mauro forYou tried then to | reach Mauro by Skype, but his status indicated he was offline. You then wrotean email to him requesting to contact you ASAP. A couple of hours later, you received a response fromMauro briefly stating: 'My wife had a car accident over the weekend and she is in hospital at the moment,I am not sure for how long. | will try to work as much as | can. | will contact Stefan directly to let him know about the situation.'
Determining he continues to be offline in Skype, and being the email the only way to get his attention,please write down the full text of the email (in English) you will be writing to Mauro as a response.You may also include an explanation beyond the email (not to be sent to Mauro), explaining why youwrote in the body of the email, as part of this same exercise. Please differentiate clearly this explanationfrom the body of the email to Mauro.
================================= 

### Second Project Question

Matt is your counterpart at Gourmet Ventures, company BairesDev has a long-lasting relationship with. But Matt has only been working for Gourmet Ventures for only 4 months. Currently 5 engineers are working on full time basis for this client, in a Staff Augmentation arrangement. Workload has been high over the last months, as they are urged to launch a new App. Matt has proved to be slightly difficult to work with, he challenged hours in extra time reported by the time tracking reports, and he questioned the productivity of particularly one of the developers (Martin), that you (without saying it to Matt) agree with the evaluation. -You know Matt appreciates the efforts and technical capabilities of two other team members:Juan Carlos and Edson Juan Carlos is Argentinean, and Edson is Brazilian). The two other remaining engineers (Stephanie and Alberto), are doing a good job and you never received any specific feedback on their performance. You were requested by BairesDev Management to try to obtain a rate increasefor both Juan Carlos and Edson, based on an evaluation you submitted on their performance. Therefore,you gave Matt a call in order to discuss this matter. Evidently you caught Matt by surprise, as he was notexpecting the request.Probably to gain some time, he said he was extremely busy with some internal reporting and requestedyou to write an email to him describing the rationale for the rate increase, as he didn't necessarilyappreciate why the rates should be increased, and he wanted your explanation to be used as a guidelinefor an upcoming conversation in a few days.Making assumptions on considerations on aspects not specifically mentioned on this description, pleasewrite the email (in English) you will be writing to Matt justifying why rates should be increased forJuan Carlos and Edson. Consider making any other recommendation you would like regarding the rest of theteam, as you deem appropriate.You may also include an explanation beyond the email (not to be sent to Matt), explaining why youwrote in the body of the email, and what assumptions you made during the reply as part of this same exercise. Please differentiate clearly this explanation from the body of the email to Matt